Docs: Enhance page about build automation with github workflows (#1534)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/get-started/set-up-development-environment.mdx

### The release workflow

> To learn how to automate the release process and setup the release workflow, follow our documentation on [Automate packaging and signing with GitHub CI](../publish-a-plugin/build-automation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to automate the release process and set up the release workflow, refer to our documentation on [Automate packaging and signing with GitHub CI](../publish-a-plugin/build-automation).
```
